Maintain `min_pool_size` for pools with forced user (even if no client conns) (#947)
pgbouncer/pgbouncer: doc/config.md

Improves behavior when the normal load suddenly comes back after a period
of total inactivity.  The value is effectively capped at the pool size.

Only enforced for pools where at least one of the following is true:

> * the pool has a `user` set in the `[database]` section (aka forced user)
> * there are clients connected to the pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the entry in the `[database]` section for the pool its database has a value
  set for the `user` key (aka forced user)
* there is at least one client connected to the pool
```

Set the minimum pool size for this database. If not set, the global `min_pool_size` is
used.

Only enforced if at least one of the following is true:

> * the pool has a `user` set (aka forced user)
> * there are clients connected to the pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* this entry in the `[database]` section has a value set for the `user` key
  (aka forced user)
* there is at least one client connected to the pool
```
